24 rotations. The European continent has just released the first neocommunication satellite. This satellite is designed to send plans for other neocommunication satellites, so that communication will become world-wide.
- Wren

25 rotations. All of the continents have constructed their own neocommunication satellites, and therefore have developed global communication. The colonies are now able to work out their next steps. Africa, Europe, and Asia have been tasked to teraform the planet back to what it once was, and the Americas, along Oceania, have been tasked to develop space travel. Through the use of telescopes, the humans have discovered planets in the sky which could possibly sustain human life
- Wren

At the end of the year an unidentified ball shaped object entered the Alpha System. It was so small that the Cateax didn't even notice it until it started hovering above Cheiria α and bombarding it with radio waves from all across the spectrum. In certain parts of the planet detectable radiation levels rose tenfold, as if the entire globe was getting a rentgen. 

At first, the Cateax thought it simply wanted to communicate, so they sent a message back, a harshly worded one and ending with a suggestion of a threat in response for violating their orbital safe space. Yet the object did not respond, as if it didn't understand or did not care. It also didn't display any obvious acts of aggression. The Cateax spacace navy sent a corvette and two missle frigates to monitor the orb and destroy it if it did anything silly. After about an hour the object seemingly lost interest Cheiria α and moved to the next planet in the system. It accelerated so quickly that the Cateax ships and later missles couldn't keep up with it. 

Then the same thing happened to the next planet, and another one, and yet another. Each time the object scanned the planet for several hours before moving to the next one. Each time the Cateax navy sent more ships and the fleet following the alien probe grew and grew, getting to over twenty vessels in the end. 

Each time the pattern was the same, the probe refused to communicate but also did not display any aggressive behaviour, remaining irritating to Cateax leadership, but not posing any discernable threat. That is, until the sphere got to Te'thiriskl, or as humans called it - Earth.

When the probe approached Earth, the Cateax fleet was still a few hours behind it and the object, as before with others, started scanning the planet. But this time was different.  Emediately it flared up like a star on all wavelengths, seemingly transmitting gibberish. Communication across the Alpha System failed, satelites, spaceships, cities and planets loost contact with eachother for over three days, not only in the territory of the Cateax, but also on the planet Earth. 

And then the three days of silence finally ended, as quickly as they started. The he probe shut off, after presumably getting destroyed by the Cateax fleet. It left in its place a strange anomaly, seven small black holes orbiting around each other in a repeating pattern, sending gravitational waves into the void like a beacon, maintaining a stable orbit around the planet Earth. Although no Cateax ship survived the encounter, a few soldiers, who entered escape pods before their vessels' life support systems failed, did. Almost all of them agree on the fact that a single experimental high volume antimatter torpedoe decided on the victory of the fleet. Or so most of them say. 

After the incident a Lurzii listening outpost detected a stream of faster than light particles containing an encrypted message coming from the Alpha System. It was aimed at the center of the galaxy, directly towards the central supermassive black hole. Forming an expedition to investigate the central regions of the galaxy is now under serious consideration.

The Cateax finally decided to start their diplomatic relations with humanity, which for unknown reasons found itself so close to the center of this strange event.
- IAmFlying and LordGazeta