Name: Gikik
Home planet, star system: Filk, Kikik-il
Number of planets occupied: 2 (1 being a moon)
Native language: Igfiliki
Population: 3.17 trillion (2.47 billion conscious beings maximum)
Description: 
The Gikik are a race of bug-like individuals who can come together to form conscious beings. As individuals, they have little intelligence at all, but are highly social and are adept at communicating simply. When together (in large quantities) they can communicate with each other as neurons to become a sentient creature. This form allows extreme growth and intelligence, and at certain sizes a pile of Gikik work better than some supercomputers. It is because of this that they advanced so fast. From their evolution, it took them only 4700 years (earth years) to establish themselves and become the dominant species (humans, for example, take 2 million years to do this). At the end of this time the Gikik are already a space-faring and wildly successful group. Some piles, billions strong, are able to terraform environments, destroy mountains, and level forests. This, of course, means millions upon millions of deaths, but, unlike most races, Gikik have little to no care for an individuals lives.
- Radar

A society of memes, the Gikik. While humorous at first, this statement has some deeper meaning, and it pertains to the Gikiks morals and culture. What do I mean by memes? By their original definition, a meme is an idea passed from one to another. In Gikik society, these are commonplace, it’s how they communicate, it’s how they share ideas, and it’s what really matters. Memes in this way are analogous to ideas. Gikik, being a hive-mind, can form consciousnesses by communicating with each other in large quantities. These beings are, in some ways, not restricted by death. The Gikik that make them up may, and commonly do die, after all, their lifespan is comparatively short compared to other species. However, a consciousness might live. The individual that died can be replaced, again and again, until maybe the being is composed of entirely different Gikik as it was in its conception. But, the ideas stay. The memories, and everything the being has worked for, is passed down from generation to generation, this is similar to the ‘Ship of Theseus’ thought experiment in some ways, so if you’re having trouble understanding what I mean, look into that. 

From this, you could gather than the life of a Gikik, or 1000 Gikik, matters not to the Gikik as a whole. It’s inconsequential. What does matter? What are their morals based off of? Memes; ideas passed down, thoughts and memories that aren’t theirs, but they have nonetheless. For the Gikik, this means that large groups will always stay as a single mind, usually, at least, and will always try to maintain themselves. It also means that the death of an idea is sad, heartbreaking even, to the Gikik.
- Radar